Update deprecation policy to use new decorators (#1712)
Qiskit/qiskit-metapackage: docs/deprecation_policy.rst

Issuing deprecation warnings
============================

The proper way to raise a deprecation warning is to use the decorators ``@deprecate_arg`` and
``@deprecate_func`` from ``qiskit.util.deprecation`. These will generate a standardized message and
and add the deprecation to that function's docstring so that it shows up in the docs.

.. code-block:: python

>     from qiskit.util.deprecation import deprecate_arg, deprecate_func

Reviewer: I think this is supposed to be:
```suggestion
    from qiskit.utils.deprecation import deprecate_arg, deprecate_func
```

Issuing deprecation warnings
============================

> The proper way to raise a deprecation warning is to use the decorators ``@deprecate_arg`` and
> ``@deprecate_func`` from ``qiskit.utils.deprecation``. These will generate a standardized message and

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to link to the docs directly? 
```suggestion
The proper way to raise a deprecation warning is to use the decorators :func:`~qiskit.utlis.deprecate_arg` and :func:`~qiskit.utlis.deprecate_func`. These will generate a standardized message and
```
